chore: update PR template (#1508)
Clinical-Genomics/BALSAMIC: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

    - [x] N/A
    - [ ] Updated: [Link]

### Validation criteria

<!-- Create validation criteria for this PR or mark as unnecessary. -->

> Validation criteria to be added to validation report PR: [LINK-TO-RELEASE-PR]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validation criteria to be added to validation report PR: [LINK-TO-VALIDATION-REPORT-PR from the [validations repository](https://github.com/Clinical-Genomics/validations/)]
```
Do you mean the release PR on the Balsamic repo or the validation report PR on the validations repo? the wording is a bit confusing

Author: Exactly what I meant. Thanks!

> ---
> **Version specific criteria**
> 
> Text here or N/A
> 
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Version specific criteria**

- Text here or N/A

```
